hello how about very good guys
Welcome to this new gameplay of
game lego batman 3 beyond Gotham and
in this video, we are going to buy the
three characters that we got
unlock on the level in free mode
chase in the sewers so
now I'm going to buy these three
characters
Mario, guys, we entered the menu
there is the first one that we are going to buy
Well, this is what we have here.
crack will cost us 10 thousand coins or
pieces of lego let's get with him
and we see what powers powers or what is
what you can do
we modeled a little and so I'm
trying the buttons you can simply
defend with your fists
I do not know if it can be something more special
but well you leave it to me in the
comments if I forget or if I
some power or mobility happens to me that
have this character let's go for the
next what is
this same black blanket will cost us
50 thousand coins or pieces of lego
is modeling a little
walk
can shoot some
the red bursts
it also has a red ray as they can
give it right now
is perfect very well I like that more
can not fly because of what I'm trying
I'm trying several buttons to see
if it can be something else this character
but apparently not so we're going to
model a little here for the
video thumbnail and we change to the
next character
the next character is bein is going to us
cost 100 thousand coins or pieces of
Lego
there we have it to bein
prove it
the prospects days
what skills does this character have
because you can simply defend yourself with
the fists as we can see right now
a combo of blows
of the companion
value something it can do this
character is becoming a character
great as you can see it right now like this
that is pretty good I like a
heap
this music we have with force on the floor
we cause a toxic crack
so it 's great
I love
there we have 20
for boys because these have been the three
characters
that we have unlocked at the level of
chase in the sewers walks
it can also be this slap
that expels
an energetic wave there we have it
I like it good this is the character that
I liked the three of us
seen in this video you leave me in
the comments which character has
liked more and if I have forgotten some
power mobility of the three characters
that we have seen, they leave it to me in the
comments so well I hope that you
have liked this gameplay like and
I have been favorites and subscribe if
they were not talking about the videos and nothing
until the next with play